oh my god Bobby I have totally figured
out how to take our career to the next
level oh we need to make a cat video
some of the biggest videos on YouTube
feature cat's poop we don't have a cat
why
here kitty kitty kitty cake keep eyes
peeled because they move quickly oh it
looks like one was eating over there
okay so there are cats here no cat no
cat no cat Gracie book Oh what were you
thinking that was a bush I thought it
looked like a cat this is where the cat
lives really yeah
alright so obviously cat has been here
cat has been here and cat will come back
here I think we need to sit here and
wait more cat don't you think before you
shows give this cat Bobby this isn't
working we need something to entice the
cat okay kitty kitty sometimes cats hide
under cars city no no cat this time
come here Kenny oh
did you get it okay Barney cameras on so
pretty much what I just need you to do
is stand right where you're standing and
saying subscribe the hapless it's not a
little direct to me it's very direct
that's exactly what we need them to do
just hit the red button and subscribe to
that list all right give it a while
subscribe to the amp list